--- Header
Inazuma
Overcome endless thunderstorms and set foot on the islands of red maple and cherry blossoms. On winding shores and towering cliffs, and in forests and mountains full of secrets, witness the Eternity pursued by Her Excellency, the Almighty Narukami Ogosho.
--- Island
Our Destination

Narukami Island
Narukami Island is an island in Inazuma. The area spans across Ritou, its port of entry, to Mt. Yougou which is home to the Grand Narukami Shrine, and on its coast is Inazuma City. It also has a mass of dense forests under the moonlight and underwater ruins alike.

Kannazuka
Kannazuka is an area of Inazuma. Behind the rocky outcrops lies Mikage Furnace, the largest smelting facility in Inazuma and is also home to the battlefront fortress of the Shogunate's forces.

Yashiori Island
Yashiori Island is an island in Inazuma. At some point within the last two thousand years, the island was attacked by the Watatsumi Omikami Orobashi no Mikoto, an ancient god who created Watatsumi Island.

Seirai Island
Seirai Island is an island of Inazuma. It is said that the island once experienced a calamity and the center of the island was enveloped by a perpetual thunderstorm. This storm has resulted in the unique geography of the island.

Watatsumi Island
Watatsumi Island is one of the islands of Inazuma. The island is known for its dense foliage in breathtaking colors which are distinct from plants found elsewhere. The Sangonomiya Shrine is located at the center of this island, surrounded by a canopy of mountains and waterfalls.

Tsurumi Island
Tsurumi Island is an island of Inazuma, shrouded in a dense Fog. Home to an ancient civilization that has long since vanished, it was where a tribe worshipped Kanna Kapatcir and were subsequently wiped out by it. The land has since somewhat regrown and is now inhabited by hilichurls, rifthounds and automatons.
--- Review
What they said about Inazuma

Kaedehara Kazuha
Tatarasuna, Kannazuka Island
The mountain surrounding the Mikage Furnace. Blossoms continue to bloom here, impervious to the effects of war.

Kamisato Ayaka
Grand Narukami Shrine, Narukami Island
The sacred tree that protects Inazuma towers proudly over the Grand Narukami Shrine. Its offshoots can be found all over the land.

Sangonomiya Kokomi
Watatsumi Island
Plants and trees grow densely over Watatsumi Island. Their color is distinct from those in other islands.
--- Footer
Copyright © 2021 Yashiro Commission